Added Axon to vendor list (#354)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/appendix/vendor-list.rst

  - AndyMark sells the official game field and game sets, as well as individual game parts and the SoftTiles foam tiles.
  - AndyMark also sells NeveRest and NeveRest Sport motors, TileRunner, compliant, stealth, and mecanum wheels, as well as many other items.

> - `Axon <https://axon-robotics.com/>`_
>    - Vendor for highly customizable servos, with software functionality for range increases and CR/NCR switching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Axon Robotics <https://axon-robotics.com/>`_
   - Vendor for highly customizable servos, with software functionality for range increases to switch between positional mode and continuous rotation mode.
```
